README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

changing over to yarn and Tailwindcss

README.md, after:

# My Great Heading

**Target Audience?** Design and Build Custom Websites and teaching/mentoring/consulting.

**Looking For?** Consulting with application, Build Websites and teaching/mentoring.

**What Will Be Used** professional services, case studies and personality.

**What are their pain points** Students will be looking for help with a particular projects and tutoring/courses. Where as potential clients maybe looking to have a website built.

**Why you?** Choose me because I don't do it for the money I want to help build a website that you will love. When you choose me you'll have unlimited one time until the job is right.

- **Keep your portfolio website clean and uncluttered**.
- **impress visitors with your projects, code, personality, UX and UI sensibilities.**
- **should contain a smooth and straightforward user interface with simple navigation. If it’s your first portfolio, we’d recommend using HTML, CSS and vanilla JavaScript**.

- **Make Your Portfolio Scannable**
- **Minimize Clicks**
